One of the common questions you ask me is .. Felix
How can you stay modest?
I must say
To be the most successful alotiobers ever
Get the most views
Be that attractive, be this charismatic
Being such a magnificence, being loved by all,
It is not easy to stay humble (but) what I do is look at the humble people
I appreciate their humility
This inspires me and makes me more modest.
I'm not just modest. But more modest than you think.
Let us explore together examples of humble people we can follow in their humility
Suffering to be very beautiful and stay true.
This story is closer to the desired. I ... I'm very attractive.
This causes pain. Not only pain, it is
suffering.
One woman admits courageously !!
Amazing
Sure, I feel .. I feel this. Okay, to click on the next video
How? What is he doing here?
It's The Times, Felix Schiller is one of the world's 100 most influential people, by Tracy Parker
I do not believe this
The news has appeared there. I do not want to boast but I do today despite my bad temper
In good condition
This is something typical of lots of Utopians
That their ego reaches a point where they do not realize that they are not humble
Certainly, the disgusting behavior of JacksFilms. To be honest, I do not expect less of him. I understand
I'm not famous
I've got over 2 billion views on the net and draw people's attention
Every time I go out in public. Yup. That's true. They stopped calling me famous
I can barely cross the doorstep without seeing the Piperazzi and meeting admirers
Please set aside
I'm a human
Normal tries to walk beside you
They stopped calling me famous because I am not. It will not change easily. The new pope is a humble man
Just like me, which explains why I like it so much.
I understand that the humble is attracted to another modest figure
This is a scientific fact, if you are not humble, you can not understand this
I'm not known as a humble person, but I wonder .. In fact I think I'm modest
I think I am more modest than you understand
Well, it's great in this section
This is an example of a humble man. No one likes someone who prides himself constantly
You see no one loves you boy, nobody cares about the number of subscribers you have
Stop bragging to 450 subscribers. By the way, I mentioned that I have 62 million subscribers, what is this?
The face of 2017. I forgot this page is open. Sorry guys, I've been
I am looking for humble people and back
This.
It was not my intention. I'm on a picnic and the sexists continue to watch me.
These boys stare at me
Hate / Yen This is when you get especially from sex matchmakers?
Worst of all. Is this my nature or after purchase
Range Rover 2016 Make My New Hair Story
very wonderful. A nice mixture of being modest about your hairstyle and your new car at the same time, very inspiring for the self
It is still going on. I have been doing this recently since I was given a tip to people
And gave money to displaced people. I literally see a saint here, guys
What a humble character. Love is when your seven-year-old child falls
The Woman of the Year award is on the shelf. Did you mention that I was a woman of the year?
Award, by the way
It is broken by the Fathmilh and telling him is okay because the work I did to get the prize
It still exists in the world and I do not need a big bronze eagle with my name on it. People know who I am
Thanks for such tweets, like this, when I have a drawer full of
Messages from readers have changed their lives,
While it is more turbulent than me. What a poor man
I am very happy that they gave the Woman of the Year award to such a modest character
Do not like to boast or boast at least modestly. A homeless woman asked me to buy her water
I did, buy two of the best brands
Literally, saint, the best water brands for the homeless
Do not you think this is a bit exaggerated? Do not you think that spending money with carelessness? When I left the mall
Did you mention that I bought food from the mall? I asked her to choose the flask that she wanted
Which water bottles do you want?
I did this to remind myself
No matter what situation we are in, we always have the option
Modesty
beautiful thing
just awesome
That's what it's all about
The second thing I wanted to address was the comments about being a rich boy
I will talk to you directly, you guys are not the purpose .. Forget .. This is not the purpose of the channel
You guys are watching the wrong channel if you think I'm a rich boy
I try to tell you, I worked hard for what I got from my channel and I take this
Pride and pleasure, the last thing is
Very modest figures. I love how to produce YouTube for modest characters
It's a society full of people who do not want to show off too much
It is not as if he is profiting from the channel and mentioning money through the title. Which creates
System
A beautiful ecological of modest personalities like me
I am very happy that I gave up my university degree to become Utopar
is this me?
I do not know if you know this but I was studying management in Australia, it was required
It would give me a job with a high salary, and I was not happy and decided to do what I liked.
I have never felt more alive
I am very humble
Can not be lucky every day
You should know that I donate a lot of money to these environmental groups
By the way did I tell you ...
A classic example of how humility is, things that are not interconnected
I get a chance to be modest. Very great, I see a repetitive pattern
Sure, they can not communicate
Sure, they told me that I was pretty. Sure, my clothes are wonderful
Sure, they told me that a technician could save the world
But does that mean anything?
Do they see the struggles and victories of an artist and thinker behind closed doors?
Is anyone serious
No more. I think the same thing all the time. Yes I have a strong attraction
But is anyone serious? I also have high intelligence
Set here. Can anyone even see this?
The first rule of humility is to give the homeless while filming them, except that
Who will know?
even with
140 IQ, have you mentioned that my level in IQ 140?
I can not install a printer even with
105 ..
a thousand
IQ, I'm still stupid like you guys
Although I am incredibly intelligent. I'm still stupid. AVG protects you from several dangers in recent times
AVG software most
Modest at all
This is the national anthem of humble characters like me
And JP, my favorite part of the event
You have an interview after 10 minutes, I:
Sorry, I will sign and take pictures so I meet everyone
We always have the option